Remember when we did this echo?  We piped this into 'rev' and then we just kept doing that: 'rev', 'rev'...
So the more pipes you have here, this is basically opening a whole new another shell to run all these
commands.
So it's really not a problem when you're doing small datasets like this.
but as I mentioned, if you do if you get like a huge text file, you're trying to parse through and
do stuff that can slow things down a bit.
But really, when you're starting out, you won't have to worry about that at all.
And it's actually a really nice way to learn because you can just start trimming down a bunch of text
using a bunch of these different commands like the the grep the cuts, the awk's and the sed's.
So you can just keep p iping until you get the output that you're looking for.
So pipes are pretty cool and they can do some nice things.